The need for PC maintenance (An introduction to PC maintenance).

Typical hazards threatening the normal operation of PC. E.g. static electricity, power fluctuation, power

surge, dusty environment, excessive ambiance temperature, viruses……….The need for computer backups.

The need for PC upgrade(Technological changes in computer hardware. User demand for a higher

processing power. The emergence of complicated software package). The process of hardware

upgrading(How to open the case of a PC). How to choose hardware components for upgrading. How to get

prepared for a component change (obtaining the required hardware/software tools and components).

How to check and verify the specifications of new components against the new requirements. How to

choose a suitable case which meets specifics requirements. How to dismantle the old computer. How to

assemble the upgraded components and the unupgraded components in the new case. How to choose a

suitable power supply which meets specifics requirements. How to dismantle the old power supply

computer. How to assemble the new power supply.  How to choose a suitable mainboard which meets

specifics H requirements. How to dismantle the old mainboard computer. How to assemble the new

mainboard. How to choose a suitable CPU which meets specifics requirements. How to dismantle the

CPU. How to I H assemble the new CPU. How to choose a suitable mass storage which I H meets specifics

requirements. How to dismantle the mass storage. How I H to assemble the new mass storage. How to

choose a suitable display unit  which meets specifics requirements. How to dismantle the display unit. I H

How to assemble the new display unit. How to choose a suitable add-on I H cards which meets specifics

requirements. How to dismantle the old add-on cards. How to assemble the new add-on cards. How to

choose a suitable keyboard and mouse which meets specifics requirements. How to dismantle the old

keyboard and mouse. How to assemble the new keyboard and mouse. How to choose a suitable modems

which meets H specifics requirements. How to dismantle the old modems. How: to assemble the new

modems.