The Integrated Development Environment (IDE), Project Window, Toolbox, Form layout, window,

Properties window, Menu and toolbars. Visual programming, Event-Driving Programming. VB

character set, Data types, Data type conversion. The various types of variables. The rules for forming

variable names. Declaration of variables, Storing and retrieving data in a variable. Visual Basic

Statements, Operators, Expressions, and Object variables, Object variable declaration, Scope of

variable Instances of an Object. IF ... THEN statement, IF .. THEN .. ELSE statement. SWITCH

function, CASE statement, FOR.. NEXT statement, WHILE ... DO. Statement. The scope of variables

such as public, private, global and static. The different types of constants e.g. system defined. The

scope of constants. The concept of circular referencing. The concept of procedure. User’s defined

functions. How to define and call a function. How to define recursive procedures. Explain array

declaration and subscript range. Explain multiple array declaration. Explain static, global and

dynamic array declaration. Explain static and dynamic allocations. Explain the constructors and

destructors. Explain information guiding using private, public and protected. Explain instances of

class variables. Explain the creation of methods. Describe the different types of Data files e.g.

sequential, random, Binary. Explain how to create the file types. Explain how to read and write to the

file type mentioned above. Explain Database. Describe the procedure for creating a Database Describe

the different ways of accessing a database e.g. codes, data control, and data environment. Describe

how to perform the following operations: adding, editing, updating, deleting and searching. Explain

the relevance of structure query language ( SQL). Explain how to design a report format using data

report object. Describe how to retrieve output using the format described above. State the different

Dialogue boxes available e.g. message box, input box file/open dialogue box file/save dialogue Box,

File/print Dialogue Box, etc.